ma_kes.TextGrid: ma'kes
dilsikar.TextGrid: dilsikâr
pir_i.TextGrid: i
hukumet.TextGrid: hukûmet
teveccuhkar.TextGrid: teveccuhkâr
guzergah.TextGrid: guzergâh
sivekar.TextGrid: sivekâr
fark_i.TextGrid: ı
kat_a.TextGrid: kat'a
kasif.TextGrid: kâsif
kundekari.TextGrid: kundekâri
kufe.TextGrid: kûfe
eskal.TextGrid: eskâl
es_ar.TextGrid: eş'ar
mel_un.TextGrid: mel'un
fistiki.TextGrid: fistikî
curetkar.TextGrid: curetkâr
acik_oturum.TextGrid: acik
acik_oturum.TextGrid: oturum
ru_yi.TextGrid: yi
vakif.TextGrid: vâkif
cuhela.TextGrid: cuhelâ
haldes.TextGrid: hâldes
zulal.TextGrid: zulâl
gus.TextGrid: gûs
kutbu_l.TextGrid: kutbu'l
mestane.TextGrid: mestâne
arsiala.TextGrid: arsiâlâ
hakim_i.TextGrid: i
sitayiskar.TextGrid: sitayiskâr
beseri.TextGrid: beserî
nisangah.TextGrid: nisangâh
esbab_i.TextGrid: esbab-ı
hunkar.TextGrid: hunkâr
zilal.TextGrid: zilâl
numayiskar.TextGrid: numayiskâr
ala_kulli.TextGrid: alâ-kulli
ela.TextGrid: elâ
musamahakar.TextGrid: musamahakâr
hakkisukut.TextGrid: hakkisukût
acik_ogretim.TextGrid: acik
acik_ogretim.TextGrid: ogretim
tekamul.TextGrid: tekâmul
ma_delet.TextGrid: ma'delet
saika.TextGrid: şaika
tuti_i.TextGrid: tûti-i
ehlilesmek.TextGrid: ehlîlesmek
emir_ul.TextGrid: ül
kar_i.TextGrid: i
tercumeihal.TextGrid: tercumeihâl
tecavuzkarane.TextGrid: tecavuzkârane
lisanihal.TextGrid: lisanihâl
nan.TextGrid: nan
abuk_sabuk.TextGrid: abuk
abuk_sabuk.TextGrid: sabuk
asla_ve_kat_a.TextGrid: kat'a
asgari_ucret.TextGrid: ucret
evkaf_i.TextGrid: ı
nev_i.TextGrid: nev'i
fusunkar.TextGrid: fusunkâr
makam_i.TextGrid: ı
kurdilihicazkar.TextGrid: kurdilihicazkâr
gunahkarane.TextGrid: gunahkârane
hunkarbegendi.TextGrid: hunkârbegendi
kazim.TextGrid: kâzım
evrak_i.TextGrid: ı
erbab_i.TextGrid: erbab-ı
sikayetname.TextGrid: sikâyetname
sikayat.TextGrid: sikâyat
perestiskar.TextGrid: perestiskâr
imkansiz.TextGrid: imkânsiz
aliyyulala.TextGrid: aliyyulâlâ
ah_etmek.TextGrid: etmek
asikane.TextGrid: âsikane
me_mul.TextGrid: me'mul
ene_l.TextGrid: ene-l
tennure.TextGrid: tennûre
tab_an.TextGrid: tab'an
tovbekar.TextGrid: tovbekâr
saik.TextGrid: şaik
kaseifagfur.TextGrid: kâseifagfur
anasir_i.TextGrid: anâsır-ı
mer_i.TextGrid: mer'i
mukafat.TextGrid: mukâfat
asikar.TextGrid: asikâr
kesfi.TextGrid: kesfî
sura_yi.TextGrid: yi
esref_i.TextGrid: i
hurmetkar.TextGrid: hurmetkâr
sukut.TextGrid: sukût
erkaniharp.TextGrid: erkâniharp
hunkari.TextGrid: hunkâri
lutufkar.TextGrid: lutufkâr
inkilap.TextGrid: inkilâp
lem_a.TextGrid: lem'a
mir_i.TextGrid: i
kure_i.TextGrid: i
mutekasif.TextGrid: mutekâsif
meskuk.TextGrid: meskûk
